---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_cdn_resource Resource - terraform-provider-gcorelabs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent CDN resource
---

# gcore_cdn_resource (Resource)

Represent CDN resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider gcore {
  user_name = "test"
  password = "test"
  gcore_platform = "https://api.gcdn.co"
  gcore_cdn_api = "https://api.gcdn.co"
}


resource "gcore_cdn_resource" "cdn_example_com" {
  cname = "cdn.example.com"
  origin_group = 11
  origin_protocol = "MATCH"
  secondary_hostnames = ["cdn2.example.com"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **cname** (String) A CNAME that will be used to deliver content though a CDN

### Optional

- **active** (Boolean) The setting allows to enable or disable a CDN Resource
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **options** (Block List, Max: 1) Each option in CDN resource settings. Each option added to CDN resource settings should have the following mandatory request fields: enabled, value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--options))
- **origin** (String) A domain name or IP of your origin source. Specify a port if custom. You can use either 'origin' parameter or 'originGroup' in the resource definition.
- **origin_group** (Number) ID of the Origins Group. Use one of your Origins Group or create a new one. You can use either 'origin' parameter or 'originGroup' in the resource definition.
- **origin_protocol** (String) This option defines the protocol that will be used by CDN servers to request content from an origin source. If not specified, we will use HTTP to connect to an origin server. Possible values are: HTTPS, HTTP, MATCH.
- **secondary_hostnames** (Set of String) List of additional CNAMEs.
- **ssl_data** (Number) Specify the SSL Certificate ID which should be used for the CDN Resource.
- **ssl_enabled** (Boolean) Use HTTPS protocol for content delivery.

### Read-Only

- **status** (String) Status of a CDN resource content availability. Possible values are: Active, Suspended, Processed.

<a id="nestedblock--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- **edge_cache_settings** (Block List, Max: 1) The cache expiration time for CDN servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--options--edge_cache_settings))
- **host_header** (Block List, Max: 1) Specify the Host header that CDN servers use when request content from an origin server. Your server must be able to process requests with the chosen header. If the option is in NULL state Host Header value is taken from the CNAME field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--options--host_header))

<a id="nestedblock--options--edge_cache_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options.edge_cache_settings`

Required:

- **enabled** (Boolean)

Optional:

- **custom_values** (Map of String) Caching time for a response with specific codes. These settings have a higher priority than the value field. Response code ('304', '404' for example). Use 'any' to specify caching time for all response codes. Caching time in seconds ('0s', '600s' for example). Use '0s' to disable caching for a specific response code.
- **default** (String) Content will be cached according to origin cache settings. The value applies for a response with codes 200, 201, 204, 206, 301, 302, 303, 304, 307, 308 if an origin server does not have caching HTTP headers. Responses with other codes will not be cached.
- **value** (String) Caching time for a response with codes 200, 206, 301, 302. Responses with codes 4xx, 5xx will not be cached. Use '0s' disable to caching. Use custom_values field to specify a custom caching time for a response with specific codes.


<a id="nestedblock--options--host_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options.host_header`

Required:

- **enabled** (Boolean)
- **value** (String)


