---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gcore_dns_zone_record Resource - terraform-provider-gcorelabs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent DNS Zone Record resource. https://dns.gcorelabs.com/zones
---

# gcore_dns_zone_record (Resource)

Represent DNS Zone Record resource. https://dns.gcorelabs.com/zones



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **domain** (String) A domain of DNS Zone Record resource.
- **resource_records** (Block Set, Min: 1) An array of contents with meta of DNS Zone Record resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resource_records))
- **type** (String) A type of DNS Zone Record resource.
- **zone** (String) A zone of DNS Zone Record resource.

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **ttl** (Number) A ttl of DNS Zone Record resource.
- **zone_was_created** (Boolean) Did zone was created for this domain.

<a id="nestedblock--resource_records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_records`

Required:

- **content** (String) A content of DNS Zone Record resource.

Optional:

- **meta** (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resource_records--meta))

<a id="nestedblock--resource_records--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_records.meta`

Optional:

- **asn** (List of Number) An asn meta (e.g. 12345) of DNS Zone Record resource.
- **continents** (List of String) Continents meta (e.g. Asia) of DNS Zone Record resource.
- **countries** (List of String) Countries meta (e.g. USA) of DNS Zone Record resource.
- **default** (Boolean) Fallback meta equals true marks records which are used as a default answer (when nothing was selected by specified meta fields).
- **ip** (List of String) An ip meta (e.g. 127.0.0.0) of DNS Zone Record resource.
- **latlong** (List of Number) A latlong meta (e.g. 27.988056, 86.925278) of DNS Zone Record resource.
- **notes** (List of String) A notes meta (e.g. Miami DC) of DNS Zone Record resource.


